Some Notes Regarding Iteration 4 Final release

As told in the last Iteration feedback we have added a back button
in the set up pages. When X is pressed, a popup appears asking For
saving the current game session. All the pages are aligned and 
their controls too. But one fix we couldn't do is that some 
of the buttons do not always work.

The reason why they do not always work is that to register a click the
cursor should be still. If the cursor moves while clicking,the click 
won't be registered. We couldn't fix this but we made sure that when 
a click successfully registers  a sound feedback is given to the user.
So when you click on a shape, some sound should be played.

-jar file running instructions
-The jar file only runs on Linux and you can run it on a linux machine 
 using this command
 "java -jar blokus.jar"
 
-Compiling instructions.
 On Windows
 "javac -cp ".;json-simple-1.1.jar" *.java"
 "java -cp ".;json-simple-1.1.jar" GUI"
 On Linux
 "javac -cp ".:json-simple-1.1.jar" *.java"
 "java -cp ".:json-simple-1.1.jar" GUI"

-Everything that proffessor requested in the announcement should be 
 working fine. What's partially working is time limit because this is
 what we plan to implement if we procced with networking in blokus.

-We removed the randomize color option for now because we focused more on 
 how we should be assigning colors to players and AI. There's a lot 
 of logic behind it and we simply didn't have time for randomize.
 
-We are using json to save and load our board data since it's the most well
 know data structure to pass data.

-In our code we don't have so many comments because we are using longer variable
 names so that commenting is less needed. However, we have commented where needed.

-Also we didn't specify in previous iterations that you can use mouse wheel to 
 rotate a shape, middle click to flip vertically, and right click to flip
 horizontally.

-We have hints implemented but only for AI because playing with hints is no fun.

-The feedback we got for load and save from the last iteration is implemented in 
 the design so figuring how to save shouldn't be a problem.

 AI Behaviours:
  Easy  - plays random shape at a random legal place
  Medium- plays biggest shape at a legal place that is closest to the center of the grid.
  Hard  - 30% of time plays easy and the rest 70% plays medium.

and finally
Thank you for looking at this file and our project.